violence is part and parcel absentia
life I learned how to stitch up a
bleeding wound load and fire a shotgun
my hands did these things but I was
never easy in my mind
[Music]
I held his heartbeat in my hand all the
time he was gone how only prey fit but
when I was a liberator people lined up
in the streets waiting for us sometimes
I actually miss it yeah me too you are
always talking about how order not only
also the only way to get out from under
there for don't watch you welcome I
won't be working for them happy working
for us
to fight for my country to come back and
find ahead and changed a bit
I don't know what they let you do over
there but you weren't Mississippi now
you use the backdoor Jamie saw in a
different way and when his eyes were on
me I felt like I was no longer invisible
I seen you sniffing after him maybe
Henry is too thick to notice but you
better open your eyes big brother you're
so busy worrying about yourself they
farm you can't even see your own wife
it's miserable
they work this land all day like I used
to walking away from the fight
I know one man that never would be this
you don't need to go to me I can't stay
here they will contain a sweat it back
this way didn't he bleed they bleed
daddy dad
[Music]
that would never be this but I think of
the farm I think of mud I dreamed and
brown way down far away from meanness